README.md, before:

[![Open in Visual Studio Code](https://classroom.github.com/assets/open-in-vscode-f059dc9a6f8d3a56e377f745f24479a46679e63a5d9fe6f495e02850cd0d8118.svg)](https://classroom.github.com/online_ide?assignment_repo_id=5891909&assignment_repo_type=AssignmentRepo)
# Group YYY - {Short snappy Title of your project}

- Your title can change over time.

## Milestones

Details for Milestone are available on Canvas (left sidebar, Course Project) or [here](https://firas.moosvi.com/courses/data301/project/milestone01.html).

## Describe your topic/interest in about 150-200 words

Our interest of this data set stems from most of our members being Earth and environmental science majors, but our interest also extends to the fact that the modeled data can show us what our future may look like. The state of our climate affects all aspects of our lives – food production, water availability, recreation and so much more. Therefore, it is imperative that we know what we can expect, to ensure that we take the necessary action to protect our futures. With the recent deadly heat waves in the Pacific Northwest, we have gotten a glimpse of what the world could look like. We hope that our analytics project and the user-facing dashboard will highlight the need to take action by comparing the change in different climate variables over time for different emission scenarios. We know that these climate variables are going to change, but we are interested in getting a deeper understanding of how they will change and how crucial it is for us to implement more measures to reduce human-caused climate change.

## Describe your dataset in about 150-200 words

Our data was provided by ClimateData.ca, which was created through a collaboration between the Pacific Climate Impacts Consortium (PCIC), Ouranos Inc., the Prairie Climate Centre (PCC), Environment and Climate Change Canada (ECCC) Centre de Recherche Informatique de Montréal (CRIM) and Habitat7. Our data includes both historical and modeled measures of mean temperature, total precipitation, and hottest day temperatures in Kelowna. The historical data was collected using weather stations in the Kelowna region. This data ranges from 1950 to 2005. The modeled data was obtained through three different climate models that consider the possible future carbon dioxide emission scenarios. These scenarios are called Representative Concentration Pathways (RCPs). RCP 2.6 is the low emission scenario, where CO2 emissions reduce to near zero by the end of the century. RCP 4.5 is a medium emission scenario in which we include some measures to reduce human-caused climate change. RCP 8.5 represents a high emission scenario where there are limited restrictions on CO2 emissions. This modeled data ranges from 2005 to 2100. The purpose of this data set is to show trends in different climate variables over time and into the future, to show how these are influenced by the three carbon dioxide emission scenarios. This data is made public for use by different groups to support various research projects.

## Team Members

- Person 1: one sentence about you!
- Person 2: one sentence about you!
- Pyper Legge : I am a 4th year Earth and Environmental Science student, from Yellowknife NWT.

## Images

{You can use this area for any images you want to include}

<img src ="images/test.png" width="100px">

## References

{Add your stuff here}

Data Source: Environment and Climate Change Canada and (ClimateData.ca)

Commit message:

Added Title to README.md

README.md, after:

[![Open in Visual Studio Code](https://classroom.github.com/assets/open-in-vscode-f059dc9a6f8d3a56e377f745f24479a46679e63a5d9fe6f495e02850cd0d8118.svg)](https://classroom.github.com/online_ide?assignment_repo_id=5891909&assignment_repo_type=AssignmentRepo)
# The Future of Kelowna's Climate

- Your title can change over time.

## Milestones

Details for Milestone are available on Canvas (left sidebar, Course Project) or [here](https://firas.moosvi.com/courses/data301/project/milestone01.html).

## Describe your topic/interest in about 150-200 words

Our interest of this data set stems from most of our members being Earth and environmental science majors, but our interest also extends to the fact that the modeled data can show us what our future may look like. The state of our climate affects all aspects of our lives – food production, water availability, recreation and so much more. Therefore, it is imperative that we know what we can expect, to ensure that we take the necessary action to protect our futures. With the recent deadly heat waves in the Pacific Northwest, we have gotten a glimpse of what the world could look like. We hope that our analytics project and the user-facing dashboard will highlight the need to take action by comparing the change in different climate variables over time for different emission scenarios. We know that these climate variables are going to change, but we are interested in getting a deeper understanding of how they will change and how crucial it is for us to implement more measures to reduce human-caused climate change.

## Describe your dataset in about 150-200 words

Our data was provided by ClimateData.ca, which was created through a collaboration between the Pacific Climate Impacts Consortium (PCIC), Ouranos Inc., the Prairie Climate Centre (PCC), Environment and Climate Change Canada (ECCC) Centre de Recherche Informatique de Montréal (CRIM) and Habitat7. Our data includes both historical and modeled measures of mean temperature, total precipitation, and hottest day temperatures in Kelowna. The historical data was collected using weather stations in the Kelowna region. This data ranges from 1950 to 2005. The modeled data was obtained through three different climate models that consider the possible future carbon dioxide emission scenarios. These scenarios are called Representative Concentration Pathways (RCPs). RCP 2.6 is the low emission scenario, where CO2 emissions reduce to near zero by the end of the century. RCP 4.5 is a medium emission scenario in which we include some measures to reduce human-caused climate change. RCP 8.5 represents a high emission scenario where there are limited restrictions on CO2 emissions. This modeled data ranges from 2005 to 2100. The purpose of this data set is to show trends in different climate variables over time and into the future, to show how these are influenced by the three carbon dioxide emission scenarios. This data is made public for use by different groups to support various research projects.

## Team Members

- Person 1: one sentence about you!
- Tara Behnsen: I am a 4th year EESC student from Germany and I am interested in sustainable resource management!
- Person 3: one sentence about you!

## Images

{You can use this area for any images you want to include}

<img src ="images/test.png" width="100px">

## References

{Add your stuff here}

Data Source: Environment and Climate Change Canada and (ClimateData.ca)
